[Music]
very good how is it going my dear
lovers of the heart how strange I see myself on
this channel with a camera but look it
caught me like this now and I said well why not no
why not from time to
time as there I didn't show my face because
there you know what happened to me in charge of the
kids on Saturday after the live that
had with Enrique and Alan and others I
ended up after pressing the kids they
hit me between one thing and another between the
transit symbols at 8 in the
morning I fell asleep they left me alone
at home I woke up at 8 something in the
evening
anyone would fall asleep no so today well
nothing I'm here working at
night
a shame because there I had met
with Enrique for his channel for his
live and people were waiting
to insult me ​​but anyway you can
enjoy me here family Olga Moreno
reappearance Instagram personal let's
see what happens let's see what
Olga Moreno said 'olé and amen' friends I just
created my  personal instagram account
see you there see you in this
ship where daughter where we meet in a
brunette of mine finally
great person I hope you continue
and I hope to upload many things that
you keep in mind
a kiss look at the dew flowers I
shared it
here they are together here we have a
big list olga moreno 68 68 260 and 18
followers in a while or she just
uploaded this photo she just uploaded and you're
going to break it the tightest olga just
uploaded the photo and has the photo
we are already 10,000 14 hours ago we are already 10
thousand at 6:14 hours people at night
at night have followed her and almost 18,000
people land online to these photos at
night at night I mean she took
a photo of herself olga what a
reception my weapon look here again in
madrid with my rock very well my daughter
very well well well I'm glad family
follow her on instagram follow mommy they will
also insta olga follow me see you
family know who follows you without saying
that I continue Raquel Bollo Enrique
here I'm going to gossip about you follow me Olga a
kiss see you people
[Music]